com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/FragmentPerfilPessoalBindingImpl.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.FragmentPerfilPessoalBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/ActivityLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.ActivityLoginBindingImpl
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/ActivityCadastroBinding.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.ActivityCadastroBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/projetointegrador/dao/FilmeSugestaoDAO_Impl.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.FilmeSugestaoDAO_Impl
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.FilmeSugestaoDAO_Impl$1
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.FilmeSugestaoDAO_Impl$2
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.FilmeSugestaoDAO_Impl$3
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.FilmeSugestaoDAO_Impl$4
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.FilmeSugestaoDAO_Impl$5
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/FragmentPerguntaBinding.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.FragmentPerguntaBinding
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/ProgressbarLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.ProgressbarLayoutBindingImpl
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/FragmentConfiguracoesBinding.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.FragmentConfiguracoesBinding
com/example/projetointegrador/database/AppDataBase_Impl.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.database.AppDataBase_Impl
 com.example.projetointegrador.database.AppDataBase_Impl$1
com/example/projetointegrador/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/projetointegrador/dao/TemplateDAO_Impl.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.TemplateDAO_Impl
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.TemplateDAO_Impl$1
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.TemplateDAO_Impl$2
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.TemplateDAO_Impl$3
com/example/projetointegrador/dao/ConfiguracoesDAO_Impl.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.ConfiguracoesDAO_Impl
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.ConfiguracoesDAO_Impl$1
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.ConfiguracoesDAO_Impl$2
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.ConfiguracoesDAO_Impl$3
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.ConfiguracoesDAO_Impl$4
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.ConfiguracoesDAO_Impl$5
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.ConfiguracoesDAO_Impl$6
com/example/projetointegrador/dao/FilmeReplaceDAO_Impl.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.FilmeReplaceDAO_Impl
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.FilmeReplaceDAO_Impl$1
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.FilmeReplaceDAO_Impl$2
 com.example.projetointegrador.dao.FilmeReplaceDAO_Impl$3
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/ActivityCadastroBindingImpl.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.ActivityCadastroBindingImpl
com/example/projetointegrador/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.BuildConfig
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/FragmentResultadoBinding.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.FragmentResultadoBinding
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/FragmentSobrevivenciaBinding.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.FragmentSobrevivenciaBinding
com/example/projetointegrador/BR.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.BR
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/ProgressbarLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.ProgressbarLayoutBinding
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/FragmentConfiguracoesBindingImpl.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.FragmentConfiguracoesBindingImpl
com/example/projetointegrador/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.projetointegrador.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.projetointegrador.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/FragmentPerfilPessoalBinding.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.FragmentPerfilPessoalBinding
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/FragmentPerguntaBindingImpl.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.FragmentPerguntaBindingImpl
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/FragmentSobrevivenciaBindingImpl.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.FragmentSobrevivenciaBindingImpl
com/example/projetointegrador/databinding/FragmentResultadoBindingImpl.java
 com.example.projetointegrador.databinding.FragmentResultadoBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
